[Music]
most of earth's human
and animal populations have been
annihilated by sightless
extraterrestrial creatures
the creatures which attack anything that
makes noise have hypersensitive hearing
and indestructible armored skin evelyn
abbott
her husband lee their deaf daughter
regan
and sons marcus and beau silently
scavenge for supplies in a deserted town
while out in the open the family
communicates with sign language
beau is drawn to a battery-powered space
shuttle toy
but lee takes it away due to the noise
it would make regan returns the toy to
beau who also takes the batteries that
her father removed from it
beau activates the toy when the family
is walking home and crossing a bridge
giving away his location to a nearby
creature which kills him before lee can
save him
over a year later regan struggles with
guilt over her brother's death
evelyn enters the final stages of
pregnancy and lee
fruitlessly tries to make radio contact
with the outside world
lee attempts to upgrade regan's cochlear
implant with scavenged miniature
amplifiers to restore her hearing
but the devices are ineffective later
lee takes marcus to a nearby river with
a large waterfall to teach him to fish
while regan visits bose memorial lee
explains to marcus that they are safe
from the creatures in the presence of
louder and constant sounds
as the sounds mask over their voices and
do not attract creatures
marcus then reveals that regan blames
herself for beau's death and needs her
father to tell her he still loves her
alone at the house evelyn goes into
labor while making her way to their
basement
she steps on an exposed nail in pain she
accidentally drops a glass picture frame
and alerts a nearby creature evelyn
flips a switch that changes the exterior
house lights to red
as a danger signal to the others and
struggles to remain silent during her
contractions
arriving at the farm and seeing the
lights lee instructs marcus to set off
fireworks as a diversion
arriving at the house lee finds evelyn
hiding in the bathroom with their
newborn son
and along with evelyn makes his way to
their improvised soundproof basement
lee leaves to find the other children
promising evelyn he will protect them
evelyn then falls asleep but soon wakes
to discover that the barn
basement is flooded with water from a
broken pipe and that a creature has
found its way
inside the basement hideaway regan
hurrying back to the farm
takes refuge atop a grain silo with
marcus lighting a fire to alert their
father of their whereabouts
however they run out of lighter fluid
and the fire dies before they can
attract
lee's attention a hatch door then
suddenly gives way and marcus falls into
the silo
the sound of the door falling distracts
the creature that was stalking evelyn
and it targets marcus and regan regan
who has jumped in after marcus
sinks into the corn and nearly
suffocates but marcus saves her
regan's cochlear implant reacts to the
proximity of the creature by emitting a
high frequency sound that drives it away
the children proceed to escape from the
silo and reunite with their father
the creature returns attacking and
wounding lee while marcus and regan hide
in a pickup truck
after seeing his father wounded marcus
shouts impulsively
attracting the creature to the truck lee
signs to regan that he loves her and
always
has before yelling to draw the creature
away from his children
the creature hearing lee's voice attacks
and kills him
regan and marcus roll the truck down a
hill to escape and reunite with evelyn
and the baby at the farmhouse
the four retreat to the house's basement
when the creature returns
regan who realizes that the sound made
by the implant distresses the creature
switches the device back on and places
it on a nearby microphone
amplifying the feedback painfully
disoriented the creature exposes the
flesh beneath its armored head
allowing evelyn to fatally shoot it with
a shotgun the family views a security
camera monitor
showing two creatures attracted by the
noise of the shotgun blast approaching
the house
with their newly acquired knowledge of
the creature's weakness the members of
the family arm themselves and prepare
to fight back